Ah, we didn't give a bride price.
No bride price
How could someone possibly be willing to marry?
Qingluan has a better personality
He doesn't care about these things.
The second aunt's family must have deceived the little girl
Yeah, stupid thing.
The little girl was bewitched by him
Talented hum
Who will believe it, son?
Why don't we add some bride price?
Pass this girl on to you
But definitely better than my cousin
It's much stronger without money or power
Ah!
Who are you? I'm the land merchant's cousin
Now a manager of Zheng Cheng Group
A million dollars a year?
There is no bride price for marrying Lu Wushuang
Better marry me
For the sake of being the unparalleled cousin
Don't touch your hands and feet
Xiaoxi, I'm not welcome to you.
I like to have a temper
You married Luwu and said you didn't have a penny as a dowry
You marry me?
Give you 600,000 dowry
No better than marrying him without a penny